<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="validation">
	<title>Introduction</title>
	<body>
			<p>
				This document is used to test validator rules with both  positive and negative test cases.
			</p>
      <p>
        A complete list of rules covered by the DITA validator can be found in the <xref href="./validation-error-messages.dita" format="dita">error table</xref>.
        The following <codeph>&lt;chapters&gt;</codeph> contain a set of test DITA <codeph>&lt;topics&gt;</codeph>. Each  demonstrating a broken validation rule.
      </p>
      <p>
        The <codeph>&lt;topic&gt;</codeph> files are sorted as follows:
      </p>
      <ul>
        <li> The base validation DITA-OT plugin (<codeph>com.here.validate.svrl</codeph>) &#x2013; this  <codeph>&lt;chapter&gt;</codeph> contains a set of common validator rules applicable all users.
        The rules are grouped thematically according to the name of the associated
          <codeph>&lt;active-pattern&gt;</codeph> within the XSL stylesheets of the plugin and then
            are listed alphabetically by <codeph>rule-id</codeph> within the group. The following types of validation rules are supported:
             <ul>
              <li><codeph>style</codeph> &#x2013; Style rules enforce a standardized look
              and feel across DITA elements and ensure a better SEO and consistency. Alteration or removal of these rules should not effect ability of DITA-OT
              to create a valid document.

              </li>
                <li><codeph>structure</codeph> &#x2013; Structure rules offer an error
                reporting mechanism against fatal changes which would result in an invalid DITA document.  If these rules are altered or removed, errors will not be caught up-front and  DITA-OT will not be able to build a valid document. Examples include a <codeph>conref</codeph> link to a non-existent topic or an attempt to create a  <codeph>table</codeph> containing no <codeph>row</codeph> elements.

              </li>
                <li><codeph>content</codeph> &#x2013; These rules check the text within the DITA elements themselves, for example spelling and grammatical errors.

              </li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li> A sample extended plugin (<codeph>com.here.validate.svrl.overrides</codeph>) &#x2013; This  <codeph>&lt;chapter&gt;</codeph> shows how to modify, relax or remove existing validator rules and create additional custom validator rules.
          The custom rules are listed alphabetically by <codeph>rule-id</codeph>.
        </li>
      </ul>
	</body>
</topic>